xbmc                         xbmc.dir
xbmc/addons                  addons.dir
xbmc/commons                 commons.dir
xbmc/cores                   cores.dir
xbmc/cores/AudioEngine       audioengine.dir
xbmc/cores/DllLoader         dllloader.dir
xbmc/cores/dvdplayer         dvdplayer.dir
xbmc/cores/ExternalPlayer    externalplayer.dir
xbmc/cores/paplayer          paplayer.dir
xbmc/cores/playercorefactory playercorefactory.dir
xbmc/cores/VideoRenderers    videorenderers.dir
xbmc/cdrip                   cdrip.dir
xbmc/dbwrappers              dbwrappers.dir
xbmc/dialogs                 dialogs.dir
xbmc/epg                     epg.dir
xbmc/filesystem              filesystem.dir
xbmc/guilib                  guilib.dir
xbmc/input                   input.dir
xbmc/interfaces              interfaces.dir
xbmc/music                   music.dir
xbmc/network                 network.dir
xbmc/peripherals             peripherals.dir
xbmc/pictures                pictures.dir
xbmc/playlists               playlists.dir
xbmc/powermanagement         powermanagement.dir
xbmc/profiles                profiles.dir
xbmc/programs                programs.dir
xbmc/pvr                     pvr.dir
xbmc/rendering               rendering.dir
xbmc/settings                settings.dir
xbmc/storage                 storage.dir
xbmc/threads                 threads.dir
xbmc/utils                   utils.dir
xbmc/video                   video.dir
xbmc/view                    view.dir
xbmc/windowing               windowing.dir
xbmc/windows                 windows.dir
tools/TexturePacker          texturepacker.dir
lib/cmyth                    cmyth.dir
lib/cximage-6.0              cximage.dir
lib/libexif                  exif.dir
lib/libhdhomerun             hdhomerun.dir
lib/libhts                   hts.dir
lib/libRTV                   rtv.dir
lib/libsidplay2              sidplay2.dir
lib/libsquish                squish.dir
lib/libUPnP                  upnp.dir
lib/libXDAAP                 xdaap.dir
lib/nosefart                 nosefart.dir
lib/SlingboxLib              slingbox.dir
lib/stsound/StSoundLibrary   stsoundlibrary.dir
lib/timidity                 timidity.dir
lib/vgmstream                vgmstream.dir
lib/xbadpcm                  xbadpcm.dir
lib/addons/library.xbmc.addon XBMC_addon.dir
lib/addons/library.xbmc.codec XBMC_codec.dir
lib/addons/library.xbmc.gui   XBMC_gui.dir
lib/addons/library.xbmc.pvr   XBMC_pvr.dir

